# Monte-Carlo-Methods
This repository is used as the shared folder for data storage and code creation for the project of the Monte Carlo Methods course of Radboud University Nijmegen. Below a short description of the contents of each subfolder will follow

### The _DATA folders

These folders contain the output of the implemenation within JSON files. With of course the first part  of the subfolder mentioning from which implementation the data originates.

### The _DATA_PARTIAL folders

These folders contain partial data outputted by either MH or Heatbath for lattice sizes that during simulation were deemed to slow and thus were cut off. 

### STD_FILES 

This folder contains the terminal output generated by cluster.py (See python_scripts_used for more information)

### plots_for_report

This folder contains the figures of the plots used within the report

### python_scripts_not_used

This folder contains python scripts that were ultimately not used, but during working were deemed possibly interesting later on. 

### python_scripts_used

This folder contains all the python scripts that in some way were used. Either the implementation of the methods or the data analysis on the generated output

### shell_scripts

This folder contains the shell scripts that were used to run the python code on the server of the HEP department

### other

This folder contains some files that were used as notes to remember things during the project. No important information is present within this folder. 


